=head1 NAME

SOXMonitor - Audits and create reports about components of your applications.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

soxreport [options] ...

Mandatory arguments in long format. 

   -g, --group             Group of applications
   -c, --component         An individual component, must be exists in a group
   -e, --environment       Environment, some alias was created but is possible to define 
                           new enviroments, some aliases are 
                           (--prod, --dev, --int, --qa and --uat) 
                           or in GNU mode 
                           (-e=production, --environment=useracceptance, -e=integration)
                           Can you guess why..?
   -v, --verbose           Add more information to output, additionally create a new report
                           in vendor directory
   -h, --help
       --version

Report bugs to <aquino(at)hp.com>

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--group>

   To be defined

=item B<--component>

   To be defined

=item B<--environment>

   To be defined

=item B<--verbose>

   To be defined

=item B<--version>

   To be defined

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SOXMonitor
Audits and create reports about components of your applications.

See https://github.com/andresaquino/SOXMonitor

La Ley Sarbanes Oxley, cuyo titulo oficial en ingles es Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 
Pub. L. No. 107-204, 116 Stat. 745 (30 de julio de 2002), es una ley de Estados 
Unidos tambien conocida como el Acta de Reforma de la Contabilidad Publica de Empresas
y de Proteccion al Inversionista.

Tambien es llamada SOX, SarbOx o SOA.

=head1 AUTHOR

SOXMonitor version 0.1

Developed by 
Andres Aquino <aquino(at)hp.com> 

=cut
# vim: set ts=3 et sw=3 sts=3 si ai tw=90 lbr:
